---
layout: post
title: "Call for sponsored sessions - RGS 2023"
date: 2023-01-27
---

The Quantitative Methods Research Group (QMRG) is inviting proposals for Special Sessions for the forthcoming [RGS-IBG Annual International Conference](https://www.rgs.org/research/annual-international-conference/), which will take place from Tuesday 29 August to Friday 1 September 2023 at the Royal Geographical Society and Imperial College London, and online.

We would be particularly interested in sponsoring sessions which illustrate how various types of data (from census to micro-data and new sources of big data) and cutting edge computational methods can help us understand Climate changed geographies, following the conference’s theme. We are also open to other session proposals, which are within the remit of QMRG.

The proposals can lead to paper sessions, poster presentations or panels. We would encourage proposals for sessions led by post-graduate students.

QMRG has access to a limited number of passes for non-RGS members, and this might be an opportunity for session organisers to invite non-academics (e.g. from industry) as presenters or discussants.
How to submit your proposal

Please send the following information to Emmanouil Tranos (e.tranos@bristol.ac.uk) by 17th February 2023: 
*	Session title and abstract (250 words)
*	Session organisers name, affiliation and email
*	Session format and how many timeslots you are requiring
*	Indication of preferred format (in-person, hybrid or online). 

We will assess all the proposals and get back to you soon after that in order to submit the RGS-IBG form by the 24th March. More information can be found [here](https://www.rgs.org/research/annual-international-conference/call/guidance-for-session-organisers/). 
