---
layout: post
title: "QMRG Logo competition: Geo-computation and visualisation"
date: 2024-05-22
editor_options: 
  markdown: 
    wrap: 72
---

**Introduction**

The Quantitative Research Methods Group (QMRG) is excited to announce a
competition for designing a new logo for our group! The final selected
logo (with potential revision) will be used in future QMRG sponsor
events and associated media materials. Inspired by [Geocomputation with
R](https://geocompx.org/post/2023/map-cover-competition/), we aim to
foster creativity and collaboration in the spirit of fun and innovation.
The competition kicks off on June 1st, 2024, and is open to everyone
from anywhere. You have until July 31st to submit a single map, a set of
maps, or another visualisation that could serve as the group's logo.
Feel free to reach out with questions via email:
[qmrg.rgs.ibg\@gmail.com](qmrg.rgs.ibg@gmail.com).

The winner will be announced during this year’s QMRG Annual Group
Meeting at the RGS annual conference. The RGS-IBG Annual International
Conference 2024 will take place in London and online, from the evening
of Tuesday 27 August to Friday 30 August 2024.

**Competition Rules**

• *Theme*: The logo must be somewhat related to quantitative methods in
geography.

• *Reproducibility*: The winning image/concept must be based on
reproducible code such as R or Python (no limitation on programming
languages).

• *Deadline*: All submissions must be received by July 31st, 2024

**Evaluation Criteria** Submissions will be evaluated by the committee
members of the RGS Quantitative Research Methods Group based on: • The
suitability of the image as a logo for the group. • Creativity and
originality. • Quality of the code. • Willingness to make the code
openly available.

**A little background** The Quantitative Methods Research Group (QMRG)
is one of a number of Speciality Research Groups of the RGS-IBG. The
QMRG exists to promote the application of quantitative methods in
Geography. It encompasses research across a broad range of topics in
statistics and general quantitative modelling approaches. You can find
more information and history of our group in our website.

**Some Food for thought on the logo** QMRG promotes quantitative methods
in Geography. Key words to think about when creating the logo are:
geography, coding, computation, digital footprints, GPS and more. Here
are some AI-generated images as food for thought. *Please note that
AI-generated images will not be accepted as submissions for this
competition*.

<img src="/images/ai_logo.png" alt="Logo examples" width="500"/>

**How to Enter** Submit your idea via email to
[qmrg.rgs.ibg\@gmail.com](qmrg.rgs.ibg@gmail.com).

**Prizes**

• *Winner*: £100 prize.

• *Runner-up*: £50 prize.

We look forward to seeing your innovative ideas!
