---
layout: post
title: "Diversity and Inclusion Officer Post Advertisement"
date: 2024-06-24
---

We are happy to announce that we are seeking nominations for the
‘Diversity and Inclusion Officer’ position on the QMRG committee. This
is to replace the current post-holder, Dr Caitlin Robinson, who is
completing their term. We thank Caitlin for their hard work and wish
them the best in their future.

**Role description**

The Diversity and Inclusion Officer is a non-executive role. The role is
expected to:

• Coordinate various scholarships for underrepresented groups (e.g.,
GISRUK, GIScience) • Engage with relevant conferences, putting together
inclusive advert that has appropriate criteria. This has included apply
to RGS for additional funds • Support recruitment of other committee
members and reaching out to invite candidates to support diverse
committee representation • Highlight EDI concerns in different decisions
made by committee (e.g., award nominations, committee members, spending
decisions) • Attend RGS EDI events, and other RGS committee events •
Review dissertations for UG prize.

**How to apply**

*Deadline for submissions*: 30th August 2024 16:00 GMT

Nominations for the available positions may include self-nominations and
should be sent along with the name of a seconder and a brief statement
of suitability. Please send any questions and nominations to QMRG
secretary Dr Qunshan Zhao (email:
[Qunshan.Zhao@glasgow.ac.uk](Qunshan.Zhao@glasgow.ac.uk)). A vote will
take place on each new committee appointment at the 2024 QMRG Annual
General Meeting at the 2024 RGS-IBG Annual Conference; exact date to be
announced via X).

We are particularly interested in supporting applications that will help
diversify the group, especially from social groups and identities that
face structural barriers to inclusion in academia. If you would like to
informally discuss any of the equality, diversity and inclusivity issues
related to the positions, please get in contact with Dr Caitlin Robinson
as our outgoing QMRG’s Diversity and Inclusion Officer (email:
[caitlin.robinson@bristol.ac.uk](caitlin.robinson@bristol.ac.uk)).
Applications from ECRs are also welcomed and encouraged.

All committee positions normally have a three-year term. Ideally
post-holders will be fellows of the Royal Geographical Society (RGS).

A full list of current committee positions and members can be viewed
[here](https://qmrg.github.io/committee).
